Vault 34685: Add telemetry metric vault.client.billing_period.activity docs (#30491)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/client/billing_period/activity.mdx

### vault.client.billing_period.activity ((#vault.client.billing_period.activity)) <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" />

Metric type | Value   | Description
----------- | ------- | -----------

> gauge       | clients | The number of distinct clients (across all namespaces) that created a token during the current billing period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gauge       | clients | The number of distinct clients across all namespaces seen since from the start of the billing period to the current moment.
```

Author: Should this be start of current billing period @divyaac ?

> gauge       | clients | The number of distinct clients across all namespaces seen since from the start of the billing period to the current moment.

Author: ```suggestion
gauge       | clients | The number of distinct clients across all namespaces seen since from the start of the current billing period to the current moment.
```

> gauge       | clients | The number of distinct clients across all namespaces seen since from the start of the current billing period to the current moment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
gauge       | clients | The number of distinct clients across all namespaces seen from the start of the current billing period to the current moment.
```
